NiaPy GUI
=============================

Graphical User Interface Application wrapping the NiaPy micro-framework functionalities.

Features
--------

- Cross platform
- Open source
- Easy to use
- Multi language support

Installation
------------

Go to the releases page, download the application for platform of your choice and enjoy!


Development
---------------

First of all make sure you have pipenv_ and make_ installed and then initialize a
working development environment like this::

    make install

Once all dependencies are installed, you are ready to start. You can run the project
using following command::

    make run

Autogenerated files such as translation binaries or compiled forms are required
but not pushed to the repository, so the run command generates them for you. If
any of the resources were not edited, you can also just start the application like
this::

    make start


Compiled application
--------------------

You can generate a *compiled* application so that end-users do not need to
install anything. You can tweak some settings on the ``app.spec`` file. It can
be generated like this::

    make dist

Documentation
-------------

Sphinx_ is used for documentation purposes. You can tweak its configuration in
``docs/conf.py`` and the documentation can be built like this::

    make docs

Linting
-------

Flake8 is a great tool to check for style issues, unused imports and similar
stuff. You can check if your code is matching the standards using command::

    make check


.. _pipenv: https://docs.pipenv.org/
.. _Sphinx: http://www.sphinx-doc.org/
